Feature: Fusion snapshots compute environment and templates (#7)
seqeralabs/fusion-benchmarking-scripts: 06_fusion_snapshots/03_launch.md

# Run workflows for benchmarking on Seqera Platform

## Table of contents
1. [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
2. [Overview](#overview)
3. [Launching hello workflow from the Launchpad](#launching-hello-workflow-from-the-launchpad)
4. [Run benchmarks for the custom workflow](#run-benchmarks-for-the-custom-workflow)
   - [YAML format description](#yaml-format-description)
   - [Launching the custom workflow](#launching-the-custom-workflow)

### 1. Prerequisites

> - You have setup a Fusion V2 and plain S3 compute environment in the Seqera Platform in the [previous section](../02_setup_compute/README.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You have setup a Fusion on-demand and Fusion Snapshot compute environment in the Seqera Platform in the [previous section](../02_setup_compute/README.md).
```

<details>
<summary>Using Datasets as input</summary>

> **Note**
> If you would like to use a Dataset as input, you can also include the URL to the dataset as your `input:` parameter. To do this, you can run the following CLI command to retrieve the URL:
> 
> ```bash
> tw datasets url -n <name_of_dataset> -w $ORGANIZATION_NAME/$WORKSPACE_NAME
> ```
> This command will return a URL that you can then provide as the value for the `input:` parameter:
> 
> ```yaml
>   input: https://api.cloud.seqera.io/workspaces/138659136604200/datasets/7DPM3wJTa6zDROKw6SGFLg/v/2/n/rnaseq-samples.csv
> ```

</details>

#### Additional Configuration Options

You can specify local paths to customize your pipeline execution:

1. **Nextflow config file**: Use the `config:` option
2. **Pre-run script**: Use the `pre-run:` option

These files are provided as empty placeholders in the repository:

- They allow you to override specific options during benchmarking
- The options are commented out in the provided YAML files
- You can uncomment and use them as needed

> - See the [Pipeline Configuration]() and [Pre-run Script]() section for more details

Reviewer: Maybe this could be hidden behind a `Details` drop down
